docs(avl): document `map` usage and pros & cons over AVL tree (#4990)
gnolang/gno: examples/gno.land/p/nt/avl/README.md

# AVL Tree Package

The `avl` package provides a gas-efficient AVL tree implementation for storing key-value data in Gno realms.

## Basic Usage

```go
package myrealm

import "gno.land/p/nt/avl"

// This AVL tree will be persisted after transaction calls
var tree *avl.Tree

func Set(key string, value int) {
	// tree.Set takes in a string key, and a value that can be of any type
	tree.Set(key, value)
}

func Get(key string) int {
	// tree.Get returns the value at given key in its raw form,
	// and a bool to signify the existence of the key-value pair
	rawValue, exists := tree.Get(key)
	if !exists {
		panic("value at given key does not exist")
	}

	// rawValue needs to be converted into the proper type before returning it
	return rawValue.(int)
}
```

## Storage Architecture: AVL Tree vs Map

In Gno, the choice between `avl.Tree` and `map` is fundamentally about how data is persisted in storage.

**Maps** are stored as a single, monolithic object. When you access *any* value in a map, Gno must load the *entire* map into memory. For a map with 1,000 entries, accessing one value means loading all 1,000 entries.

> **AVL trees** store each node as a separate object. When you access a value, Gno only loads the nodes along the search path (typically log(n) nodes). For a tree with 1,000 entries, accessing one value loads only ~10 nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**AVL trees** store each node as a separate object. When you access a value, Gno only loads the nodes along the search path (typically log2(n) nodes). For a tree with 1,000 entries, accessing one value loads ~10 nodes; but a tree with 1,000,000 entries only needs to load ~20 nodes.
```

I'd say it's better to give two examples to provide a simple way to reason about logarithmic growth.
